Superteam Vietnam March 2024 Newsletter - English
[English Version]
Apr 10, 2024

State of Superteam Vietnam: March 2024
Superteam Vietnam is a community of founders, builders and creative artists in Vietnam. We focus on nurturing our talents by hosting workshops, providing 1-1 mentorships, and potentially helping connect projects to VCs. Our goal is to raise the quality of Vietnamese builders, specifically on Solana blockchain.

Highlights for the month of March:

Members of SuperteamVN are all granted 100% DISCOUNT on tickets to attend the Southeast Asia Convention 2024 (SEABC2024) with more than 500 attendees

The Solana Buidl Station is back and was happening every week for a total of 5 weeks to support teams competing in the Renaissance hackathon.

The FPT HCM Internship Course has attracted over 300 students and 9 strategic partners, notably among them Esol Labs has offered 15 intern positions with a salary of 3 million VND per month and the opportunity for advancement to full-time staff positions.

Key Metrics & Highlights of the Mont

Solana Ecosystem Call IRL in 3 cities
/Every month, the ecosystem come together/

On March 7, 2024, the Solana SuperteamVN community welcomed a new month full of energy and excitement with an IRL Watch Party activity in Ho Chi Minh City, Hanoi, and Da Nang.

Hồ Chí Minh
Image
Hà Nội
Image
Đà Nẵng
Image
SuperteamVN @ SEABC2024
The SuperteamVN booth was set up at the Southeast Asia Convention 2024, which is the first blockchain event dedicated to the SEA region. At the event, we were able to expand our connections with many new partners, projects, and builders, as well as support everyone participating and answering questions about the Solana Renaissance Hackathon. Most notably, all members of SuperteamVN were granted free tickets.



Image
Solana BUIDL Station
The BUIDL Station will take place every Saturday for Builders to exchange ideas, share, and support project development. At the Station, there will be 2 Dev Rel from SuperteamVN attending to answer any questions. Furthermore, the event has attracted many Builders to participate in the sharing session by Mr. Khắc Vỹ - Dev Rel @ SuperteamVN on the topic of TOKEN EXTENSIONS - an upgrade to the standard SPL token with many new features.

2/3/2024 at The Bunny Cafe

9/3/2024 at La’mars Coffee&TEA
Image
12/3/2024: Pitching Practice (Saigon)

14/3/2024: Pitching Practise (Ha Noi)
Image
23/3/2024 tại SR Group (Venue sponsor: SR Group)

ETHVN Side Event
SuperteamVN, in collaboration with ETHVN, organized several exciting events throughout the month, including: Web3 Builders Drinks (with approximately 150 attendees) and Wormhole Luncheon.

Wormhole Luncheon
Image
Image
Web3 Builders Drinks
Image
Image
Ecosystem Chats on Twitter Space
With Orca
Image
With Wormhole
Image
With Coin68

NFT Meet-up: Saigon & Tell #5
[hosted with Superteam Germany & Vietnam Creator DAO]

Job Fair 2024: Future of Work in Web3
The job fair organized by FPT Polytechnic HCM and Solana Superteam Vietnam took place on Saturday, March 23, 2024, at FPT University HCMC. The event attracted over 300 students and 9 enterprises seeking talent.

This collaboration not only provides learning and practical opportunities for students but also contributes to enhancing the capabilities of builders and developers in Vietnam.

This clearly shows that the work of Solana Superteam Vietnam goes beyond just strengthening the abilities of Vietnamese builders and developers; it is also an effort to bring more opportunities and income to the community.

Image
Image
Solana Consumer Hack 13
Solana Consumer Hack 13 was sponsored by @SuperteamVN and @KaopizOfficial, organized by @WearebuildersVN and the Computer Science Department at Phenikaa University.

Image
Image
Series: The More You Know
As part of the Global Renaissance Hackathon by @ColosseumOrg, we conducted a series of interviews with participating teams, covering a variety of topics from Gaming to Payment. The series is still ongoing, and everyone can follow SuperteamVN’s Twitter for updates!!!

Nimbus

Maneko

BullBotAI

YeveFinance

Statistr

Ensofi

Bitlink

k3n Marketplace

UGE Sport

Trekn

Mega Combat Studio

What's Coming Next?
Community Call every Thursday:

Subscribe to our calendar: https://lu.ma/superteamvn

Community Call: https://lu.ma/CommCallSTVN

Type your email...
